Tenant phone configuration (#3569)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/get-started/core-concepts/tenants.mdx

  </APIField>
</APIBlock>

### Identities

Control Email and Phone Number identity verification settings from one place.

<img src="/img/docs/get-started/core-concepts/tenant-configuration-identities-settings.png" alt="Tenant Configuration - Identities settings" width="1200" role="shadowed top-cropped bottom-cropped" />

<APIBlock>
  <APIField name="Verify identity" optional since="1.99.9">

>     When enabled, users will be required to verify their email address or phone number identity.

Author: I'm not sure how to document these fields with the new UI, but this seems like an okay starting place.

Reviewer: looks good

  </APIField>
  <APIField name="Verification strategy" optional since="1.99.9">

>     The process by which the user will verify their email address or phone number. Using the "Form Field" method works only when the associated <InlineField>Unverified behavior</InlineField> is `Gated`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The process by which the user will verify their email address or phone number. Using the `FormField` method works only when the associated <InlineField>Unverified behavior</InlineField> is `Gated`.
```

This seems to be how we do it in other places

Author: I went with `Form Field` because this refers to the value in a UI dropdown rather than an API value. WebAuthn settings use the same style, e.g. `Platform only`.
